hello and welcome to IntelliJ IDEA
basics in this video we'll take a look
at importing or checking out a project
from version control I'll select this
option from the welcome screen and then
IntelliJ IDEA provides support for
checking the project out from github CVS
get mercurial subversion or Team
Foundation server so I'll just choose
github here and then if I have a project
URL that I'd like to access from github
then I can import that here under the
VCS repository URL field by pasting it
there I can first test the VCS
repository to see that the connection is
good if it is the IntelliJ IDEA will
inform me that the connection has been
successful so I'll click OK here and
then we'll specify the parent directory
where we'd like this project to be
imported so it will clone this
repository from its original source on
github to its intended destination on
our local machine we can give it a
different directory name if we'd like or
we can keep the one that's provided we
can click clone here so and once that's
fully complete we will be prompted to
import the project type properly so now
you can go ahead and check out an open
source project from github or a version
control system of your choice and start
developing right on IntelliJ IDEA
develop with pleasure